Add clarification as to the purpose of Metrics endpoint. (#17823)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/metrics.mdx

title: Teleport Metrics
description: Comprehensive list of all metrics exposed by Teleport.
---

<Notice scope={["cloud"]} type="tip">

Teleport Cloud does not expose monitoring endpoints for the Auth Service and Proxy Service.

</Notice>

> Teleport metrics data is primarily used for performance monitoring. If you'd like to

Reviewer: Does "primarily" mean that there is another use? Should we say "Teleport metrics are intended for performance monitoring"?

Author: > "Teleport metrics are intended for performance monitoring" 

Correct... It's intended to be used for performance monitoring, but you could be using it for any number of things. Let's go with this. I'll adjust the PR.

> monitor Teleport usage, consider utilizing our *fluentd* plugin to push Audit Events into your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
monitor Teleport usage, consider utilizing our Event Handler plugin to push Audit Events into your
```
While the Event Handler was designed with Fluentd in mind, I think we should use a more general title so we don't put off users who are using Logstash, a Splunk forwarder, or another solution to forward audit logs, since the Event Handler can work with these, too (albeit with some extra steps, e.g., in the [Elastic Stack guide](https://goteleport.com/docs/management/guides/elastic-stack/)).

> preferred logging aggregation system (Elastic, Splunk, Sumo, etc). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preferred logging aggregation system (Elastic, Splunk, Sumo Logic, etc). 
```

> <ScopedBlock scope="oss">

Reviewer: These three `ScopedBlock`s are the same for all scopes. Should we collapse them into one bulleted list without the `ScopedBlock` tag?

Author: New to this... I was trying to align with the implementations I saw on other pages. It seems the ScopedBlock adds the appropriate URL query string, depending on the current scope. i.e. If I'm on OSS, clicking on the enclosed links would keep me on the OSS scoped docs. Let me test this out a bit more.

Author: Ah! The URL query params follow you regardless. Cool, I can remove this.
